My body…
My body is dissolving…
My body is dissolving in your separation,
And my soul is breaking into pieces, oh Messenger of Allah.
Due to my sins, my heart is weak,
and becoming enticed, oh Messenger of Allah.
My body is dissolving in your separation,
And my soul is breaking into pieces, oh Messenger of Allah.
When you pass by me, then even in my immense poverty, ecstatically,
I must sacrifice my soul on the impression of your Blessed Sandal, oh Messenger of Allah.
My body is dissolving in your separation,
And my soul is breaking into pieces, oh Messenger of Allah.
I am worried due to my misdeeds, and I feel that my sins have blackened my heart,
I am in distress, I am in distress. I am in distress, oh Messenger of Allah.
When you raise your hands to intercede for the sinners,
Then do not deprive Jami of your exalted intercession, oh Messenger of Allah.
My body is dissolving in your separation,
And my soul is breaking into pieces, oh Messenger of Allah.